Update metricflow-commands.md (#5684)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metricflow-commands.md

However, you can change this limit if needed by setting the `--limit` option in your query. For example, to return 1000 rows, you can run `dbt sl list metrics --limit 1000`.

</detailsToggle>

<detailsToggle alt_header="How can I query multiple metrics, group bys, or where statements?">

To query multiple metrics, group bys, or where statements in your command, follow this guidance:

> - To query multiple metrics and group bys, use the `--metrics` or `--group-by` syntax followed by the metric or dimension/entity names, separated by commas without spaces:

Author: ```suggestion
- For multiple metrics and group bys, use the `--metrics` or `--group-by` syntax followed by the metric or dimension/entity names, separated by commas without spaces:
```

  - Multiple metrics example: `dbt sl query --metrics accounts_active,users_active`
  - Multiple dimension/entity example: `dbt sl query --metrics accounts_active,users_active --group-by metric_time__week,accounts__plan_tier`
 
- To query multiple where statements, use the `--where` syntax and wrap the statement in quotes:
  - Multiple where statement example: `dbt sl query --metrics accounts_active,users_active --group-by metric_time__week,accounts__plan_tier --where "metric_time__week >= '2024-02-01' and accounts__plan_tier = 'coco'"`

</detailsToggle>

<detailsToggle alt_header="How can I sort my query in ascending or descending order?">

When you query metrics, use `--order-by` to specify metrics or groupings to order by. The `order_by` option applies to metrics, dimensions, and group bys. 

> Add the `-` prefix to sort query in descending (DESC) order. Leave blank for ascending (ASC) order:

Author: ```suggestion
Add the `-` prefix to sort your query in descending (DESC) order. Leave blank for ascending (ASC) order:
```

> - For example, to query a metric and sort `metric_time` in descending order, you would run `dbt sl query --metrics order_total --group-by metric_time --order-by -metric_time`. Note that the `-` prefix in `-metric_time` sorts the query in descending order.

Author: ```suggestion
- For example, to query a metric and sort `metric_time` in descending order, run `dbt sl query --metrics order_total --group-by metric_time --order-by -metric_time`. Note that the `-` prefix in `-metric_time` sorts the query in descending order.
```

> - To query a metric and sort `metric_time` in ascending order and `revenue` in descending order, run `dbt sl query --metrics order_total --order-by metric_time,-revenue`.

Author: ```suggestion
- To query a metric and sort `metric_time` in ascending order and `revenue` in descending order, run `dbt sl query --metrics order_total --order-by metric_time,-revenue`. Note that `metric_time` without a prefix is sorted in ascending order and `-revenue` with a `-` prefix sorts the query in descending order.
```
